# The Continually Distributed Discreate Distribution Shuffler
### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/gvwbdxF4GV8
### Description: This Site allows users to add songs to thier own playlist, by eithier entering the song name, or entering an artists name and the site will add their top 10 tracks! The site then allows users to suffle through their playlist. The shuffle starts off by using a basic uniform discreate distribution, however after a song is chosen, it divides the probability of the chosen song across all other songs, then sets the chosen song probability to zero. This makes songs that have not been chosen in a while to statistically be more likley to be chosen. This kind of randomizer is not possible without computers, as given a playlist of n songs, it will have n+1 computations. The site stores the playlist in a single sql table. The site acesses the spotify api to get the top 10 artist for a given artist name. I wish I went futher using the spotify API to possibly add songs from a users spotify playlist, but I would need to work on a user authtication, which is much harder to implment compared to my client side authtication. So this would absolutly be something i would like to add in the future. I would also like to implement some simulations tests, where the user can see the distribution of the randomized songs. The sites flow, is the user creating a login, the user then has the option of adding songs to thier playlist, by entering the song name in a form, or entering an artist name, using the spotify api which pulls the top 10 songs from that artists. The user then has to confirm those are the songs they want to add. The users playlist is stored on one SQL table, which has a user id column(also indexed). The index route shows the user thier own playlist and the corresponding probability for each song. One this page the have the ability to reset the probabilty, and dump thier playlist(I could add the ability to drop song on this page). The next step is in the shuffle route which randomizes a song based on the current probabilties, and then processes the distribution of the chosen songs probabilty across the other songs, as well as setting the chosens song probabiltiy to zero. My major challenges included the implementaion of the spotify api, i learned the implemenation of the current usage by following tutorials on youtube and searching within spotify's api documentaion. The process of distributing the probability is largly done in SQL, I first get the chosen songs probability, create a variable that is the probability of the chosen song dividend by n(songs) - 1. I then run a SQL update command to update the probabilities of all songs to the current prob plus the increase value. Then a single update to set the chosens song probability to zero. The site also fetures an about section, this lets users see what the site is about and how the site is shuffling thorugh a playlist. A crutial part of the code is within adding songs from artists top 10, is to have a Try Except function to catch the error SQL might throw if a song name is a duplicate. It throws an error becuase song names are unique.